1. Compare performance of the long TAU with and without normalization

--------------------------
TOPICS

--------------------------
INVESTIGATIONS

(CLOSED) Why do two individual TAUs always pick the same controller as their 3rd? See bug 009.

(CLOSED) Output learning gaps - are due to user indicating a new preference. For one run number of generations between surrogate user 
preference indications was measured and turned out to be 8.51 on average with stddev of 0.82.

--------------------------
BUGS

006 Client-server pair sometimes hangs - something writes tmp0.. file (with a pair-like 
contents), then no deployment happens. Evolution continues, and if you erase this file, 
it reappears. The fun part is that the pairs are deployed just fine after I kill clients.

RESOLVED - mutexes introduced to TAU
009 In the presence of a conflict ambiguity resolver feeds individual TAUs controllers 
they already know - due to dual presence of the controller in rankings.

WILL NOT SOLVE - ODE instability confirmed, dealt with heuristically
008 Conflicts happen spontaneously in rankings.
Upd. seems like an ODE indeterminism problem - see "arch/bad run 2".
Upd. confirmed by another observation.

RESOLVED - see commit 3e0c5849d94dc00763caa74607f16e5f7b87bd03
009 OPTIMIZER::Genome_Get_Random_But_Not is buggy

RESOLVED - no check for the matrix fullness was applied in TAU::Store_Pref()'s n log n code
007 Sometimes TAU merger reports two controllers with the same score in one of TAUs. This 
is not an expected behaviour.

RESOLVED - its actually a feature
005 Client deletes pair0.dat upon exit.

RESOLVED - likely the same mechanism as in bug 003 + some memory leaks were at work. Solved.
004 Random server segfaults.

RESOLVED - the likely cause of the problem found - client opened pair files before they were fully written by server. Solved.
REOPENED - same crash happens when client is not supplied with prefs for a while
RESOLVED - had to do with TAU allocation in ENVS constructor
003 Client complains something about glibc memory allocation and exits if you're not gentle with it.

RESOLVED - server did not reset its preference table properly before scanning preference files
002 All pairs supplied by server, starting with the 2nd, are the same. Same pairs are supplied 
to different clients when there are several clients.

RESOLVED - client deleted pair0.dat upon start
001 Client does not find pair0.dat file if was in the SavedFiles/ before client process start.
